Fix plugin secrets in config (#6249)
nextflow-io/nextflow: docs/secrets.md

Secrets cannot be assigned to pipeline parameters.
:::

:::{versionadded} 25.10.0
:::

> In order to enable the use of AWS secrets in configuration files, Nextflow loads the configuration once without secrets enabled, and reloads the configuration only if secrets were accessed. This is because the AWS secret integration is part of the `nf-amazon` plugin, and plugins are resolved after the configuration is loaded (since plugins can be specified in the configuration). As a result, config secrets must be used in a way that does not cause the config resolution to fail when secrets are not present.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Nextflow supports AWS secrets in configuration files through the `nf-amazon` plugin. However, due to the way plugins are loaded, there are specific considerations when using secrets in configuration files:

- **Initial config load**: Nextflow first loads the configuration _without_ secrets enabled.
- **Plugin resolution**: The `nf-amazon` plugin is resolved after the initial configuration load. This is because plugins themselves can be specified in the configuration.
- **Secret reloading**: If secrets are accessed during configuration and the initial load succeeds, Nextflow will reload the configuration with secrets enabled.

As a result, config secrets must be used in a way that does not cause the config resolution to fail when secrets are not present.
```
Suggestion to make these into bullet points. Please check meaning is retained.
